docs: add RFC for MenuItem refactoring (#3156)
toptal/picasso: docs/decisions/10-menu-item.md

# Menu Item

## Problem

Changes in MenuItem can unexpectedly update multiple components. Currently, MenuItem handles too many things. We can see usage in this [diagram](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVPOOdjH8=/?share_link_id=687084096239).

## Proposal

Instead of creating abstraction of Menu.Item, we would create multiple different components.
1. `Menu.DropdownItem` - current solution used in Dropdown, Page.TopBarMenu. They share the same design.
2. `Menu.SelectItem` - different design and API
3. `Menu.SidebarItem` - instead of overriding lot of styles of Menu.Item, we would create new component

### Benefits

- Instead of one complex component that does everything, we would have multiple very simple ones.
- Updating styles of base Menu.Item would not affect other components with different design.

### Drawbacks and limitations

> - Will cause breaking change that would be hard to fix with codemods

Reviewer: I'm thinking, how will this cause breaking change? 🤔 
MenuItem styles should remain the same, no?

Author: @OndrejTuma in my head, we might remove some props from Menu.Item, for example `checkmarked`. Instead Menu.Item will have prop `icon`. Then we would have Select.Item (ignore naming), that would use `<Menu.Item icon={<IconMark16/>} 
 ...plusOtherDifferences />`

# Menu Item

## Problem

Changes in MenuItem can unexpectedly update multiple components. Currently, MenuItem handles too many things. We can see usage in this [diagram](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVPOOdjH8=/?share_link_id=687084096239).

## Proposal

Instead of creating abstraction of Menu.Item, we would create multiple different components.
1. `Menu.DropdownItem` - current solution used in Dropdown, Page.TopBarMenu. They share the same design.
2. `Menu.SelectItem` - different design and API
2. `Menu.SidebarItem` - instead of overriding lot of styles of Menu.Item, we would create new component

> 3. `Menu.AccountItem` - instead of overriding lot of styles of Menu.Item, we would create new component

Reviewer 2: `AccountItem` for me, seems an extension of `UserBadge + MenuItem` Component. 
Do you know, whether we can reuse it?

Author: @dmaklygin yeah, we already have it in [AccountSelect](https://github.com/toptal/picasso/blob/master/packages/picasso/src/AccountSelect/AccountSelect.tsx). I have looked into implementation details and we will probably don't have to create a new component for that, there is not that many overwrites 🤔

Reviewer 2: I can see, that AccountSelect is used only once: https://github.com/toptal/platform/blob/c5b4e5a0749ff44a05b724ababad3e1a5edf0506/app/assets/features/platform/role_selection/components/RoleSelectionScreen/index.jsx#L33

Whether it's intentional to keep it inside Picasso?

Author: This is actually good point, but do you think it is acceptable to move component from Picasso to platform? 🤔

Author: I agree 👍, I will add it to RFC

### Benefits

> - Instead of one complex component, we would have three very simple.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Instead of one complex component, we would have three very simple ones.
```

- Updating styles of base Menu.Item would not affect other components with different design.

> - Should be possible to be done without any breaking change

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
- Should be possible to do without any breaking changes
```
